the loudest person in the room is the
weakest
have you ever heard that quote
i got it from american gangster denzel
washington
have you ever been to a networking event
and just seen someone blinged out i'm
talking about what tons of jewelry
watches everything gold diamond out
right or they roll up to one of these
events driving a lamborghini or a
ferrari they have really fancy cars or
they just reek of being rich based on
what they're wearing or their clothes or
their shoes or watched whatever it may
be you can just tell when someone quote
unquote is rich or at least looks rich
when i went to networking events i try
to find these people out and learn from
them why because i always believed that
they were the most successful
see when i was a kid and i was trying to
make it
you would see other people who are rich
because they had fancy cars or homes or
watches and i'm like those are the
people i gotta network with and learn
from because they already have what i
wanted i didn't necessarily want the
lamborghini i don't have a fancy car i
drive a honda odyssey but it's more so i
wanted that freedom that flexibility in
life and i believe that money can get me
there and networking with these people
would get me there faster but over the
years
networking with these people really
didn't teach me more than other than to
just waste money and spend on
materialistic objects now if that makes
you happy that's fine do it but over
time i've learned that the wealthiest
people tend not to show up they just
stay quiet and they just cash your
checks
did you know that
6.71 of u.s households are millionaires
according to kiplinger
now with my current company np digital
we were ranked the 21st fastest growing
company according to inc magazine in the
united states do you want to know how i
pulled it off
i learned from the quietest people in
the room instead of asking the person
who drives a ferrari for advice i
started asking people from my direct
industry who had experience what to do
i asked them what did they learn how do
i get to the next level how do i get to
where they're at
it doesn't even matter if they weren't
entrepreneurs some of these people
worked at these big companies and i
asked them
what are they doing correctly if you
went to another business like mine what
would you do that you've learned for
this company that you're working at i
started talking to people who also
failed numerous times and i asked them
what didn't work out for them what did
they learn from it what would they avoid
again if they wanted to be successful
and avoid those mistakes
i started hiring people who already done
exactly what i was looking for multiple
times at least twice because i'm like
hey if you did it once could have been
luck you did it twice probably good at
it and you could probably do it a third
time for me
don't judge someone based on their looks
or what they wear it doesn't matter if
someone has tons of money or doesn't
have much money at all you can always
learn from people but the key is to
learn from people who have experience in
your industry or a related one just
because someone has money such as a
dentist driving a ferrari it doesn't
really mean that they can provide you
advice for your cloud computing tech
company unless you're really trying to
get into the dental industry
now if you need help growing your
business check out my ad agency np
digital where we have direct experience
growing people's online traffic in
almost every single industry online if
you have any questions leave a comment
below if you enjoyed the video like it
share it let me know what you think
about the loudest person in the room
maybe you disagree with me and thank you
for your time today and watching this
video